Configuration key (case) enhancement (#15492)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/configuration/index.md

[!code-csharp[](index/samples/3.x/ConfigurationSample/EFConfigurationProvider/EFConfigurationSource.cs?name=snippet1)]

> Create the custom configuration provider by inheriting from <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationProvider>. The configuration provider initializes the database when it's empty. The dictionary used to initialize the database is created with [StringComparer.OrdinalIgnoreCase](xref:System.StringComparer.OrdinalIgnoreCase), which makes keys case insensitive to match how ordinary configuration keys are matched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the custom configuration provider by inheriting from <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationProvider>. The configuration provider initializes the database when it's empty. Since <a href="#keys" data-linktype="self-bookmark">keys must be case-insensitive</a>, the dictionary used to initialize the database must be created with the case-insensitive comparer [StringComparer.OrdinalIgnoreCase](xref:System.StringComparer.OrdinalIgnoreCase).
```

Reviewer: The initial version seemed unclear, particularly "to match how ordinary configuration keys are matched."
